True Bread Christian Fellowship 

A New Covenant Church 

 

Our Approach 

A New Covenant Church 

We believe that the members of the New Covenant church are those who have been accepted by God through the gift of His Spirit. We are the representation of Jesus Christ—His body—called to continue the life and work He commissioned us to do. We are deeply connected to one another through the unity wrought by the Holy Spirit and the knowledge of His Word. Together, we are predestined to grow into Christlikeness by understanding and living out the commands of Jesus, breaking bread, worshiping, praying, and serving God and one another through the Holy Spirit’s gifts in each individual. (Acts 2:1-4, 38-47; 15:7-9; Eph. 1:13-14; 1 Cor. 12:27; Eph. 4:6-15) 

 

OUR MISSION 

Our mission is to glorify God by proclaiming the Gospel of Jesus Christ, making disciples and molding them in the image of Christ, equipping believers for ministry, and serving our community with the love and truth of Christ. 

 

Pursuing Christlikeness  

We believe that everyone who is truly born again is a new creation in Christ. Through the power of the Holy Spirit, the regenerated believer is empowered to grow in the image and likeness of Jesus. We imitate His life by knowing and living out His commands, embracing a new life separated from worldly and sinful practices, pleasures, and compromise. 

 

Learning the Bible  

We prioritize the deep knowledge and understanding of God's Word. Scripture is the foundation of our unity and our ultimate guide for knowing how to faithfully live out the commands of Jesus Christ every single day. 

 

Living the Commission  

As the earthly representation and substitute of Jesus Christ, we are dedicated to continuing the work He commissioned us to do. We are committed to sharing the truth of the New Covenant and inviting others to experience new life in Him. 

 

 

 

Contact Information 

Address 

True Bread Christian Fellowship 
Block 7 Lot 2, Purok 7, Tanyag, Taguig City, Philippines 1630. 

 

Email 

truebreadcf@gmail.com